fix(zone-configuration): add images to IDE doc, extend code docs (#689)
rx-angular/rx-angular: libs/cdk/docs/zone-configuration/how-to-setup-zone-flags.md

> 1. Create file `zone-flags.ts` parallel to your `polyfills.ts` and insert the following content:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create file `zone-flags.ts` next to your `polyfills.ts` and insert the following content:
```

> > **💡 Pro Tipps:** > `@rx-angular/cdk/zone-configuration` errors if it is used incorrectly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **💡 Pro Tip:** > `@rx-angular/cdk/zone-configuration` errors if it is used incorrectly.
```

> If you used zone-flags wrong (not executing it before zone.js runs) you should see the following error in the console:
> ![Log zone-flags](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rx-angular/rx-angular/master/libs/cdk/docs/zone-configuration/images/angular-zone-flags_log-zone-flags_michael-hladky.png)

## Configure Zone runtime settings using `@rx-angular/cdk/zone-configuration` helpers

1. Create file `zone-runtime.ts` parallel to your `polyfills.ts` and insert the following content:

```typescript
import { zoneConfig } from '@rx-angular/cdk/zone-flags';

zoneConfig.runtime.disable.ignoreConsoleErrorUncaughtError();
```

2. In `polyfills.ts` below the zone import, import `zone-runtime.ts`:

```typescript
// Zone JS is required by default for Angular itself.
import 'zone.js/dist/zone';
// ☝️ Make sure zoneflags are imported before zone.js
import './zone-runtime';
```

> > **💡 Pro Tipps:** > `@rx-angular/cdk/zone-configuration` errors if it is used incorrectly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **💡 Pro Tip:** > `@rx-angular/cdk/zone-configuration` errors if it is used incorrectly.
```

> > If you used zone-flags wrong (not executing it before zone.js runs) you should see the following error in the console:
> > ![Log zone-flags](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rx-angular/rx-angular/master/libs/cdk/docs/zone-configuration/images/angular-zone-flags_log-zone-flags-runtime_michael-hladky.png)

Author: ```suggestion
> If you used zone-runtime configurations wrong (not executing it after zone.js runs) you should see the following error in the console:
> ![Log zone-runtime](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rx-angular/rx-angular/master/libs/cdk/docs/zone-configuration/images/angular-zone-flags_log-zone-flags-runtime_michael-hladky.png)
```
